---
layout: post
title: 2019-05-31
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-05-31 }}
================

<p class="meta">31 May 2019</p>

Today has been a slower, more frustrating day. We made less progress than previous days as we attempted to work through some harder bugs: figuring out how to get the role assigner and the conversation navigator to interact with one another, and fixing issues with how the GUI interacts with and displays scrollable areas. For each, some progress was made: changes made in the conversation are now reflected in the role assigner, with some bugs. But the mapping is imperfect, and hard to perform going in the opposite direction. Scrolling is fixed but in a way that I am unsatisfied with, as a maximum height must be hardcoded in, which does not provide a dynamic interface that could be applied to any sample of text conversations.

For the most part, we worked on these two tasks using incremental development and a lot of trial and error. There isn't really documentation for anything that we were trying to do today, so instead we had to brainstorm and test all of our own solutions until we gradually made our way towards something more closely resembling our end goal.

When we return from the weekend we will likely immediately return to these tasks, as they are the last major changes needed to be made to our program in order to get a fairly workable interface for this project. Provided we can sort that out over the course of a day or so, we will then be able to move on to features of this program with a greater basis in natural language processing.
