---
layout: post
title: 2019-05-29
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-05-29 }}
================

<p class="meta">29 May 2019</p>

I started the morning by fixing the issues with the scrollbar that I noticed towards the end of the day yesterday. It was a fairly quick fix that primarily involved going through the hierarchy of tkinter widgets created within the class and ensuring that everything was properly anchored to all elements beneath it. From there, Daniel and I turned towards the next goal, which is placing labels within the appropriate categories and having those changes be reflected in the internally maintained list of entities. The plan for implementation is fairly straightforward; we already have the capacity to maintain an idea of where each box is and limit labels to only be placed within the boundaries of those boxes. However, based off of the way that we've built our program thusfar - particularly with the incorporation of the drag and drop interface that we found online - information is being passed between different classes in a very clunky way that makes this particular task hard. Daniel took point on this task, as thusfar he hwas been the one focusing more intensely on the drag and drop functionality. While he did that, I worked on a copy of the last file to find ways to clean up our existing code and improve the visual interface. I moved the boxes closer to the top of the window, fixed the orientation of scrollbars in accordance with convention, tweaked proportions to make the window more visually appealing, and caught the bug that was preventing us from opening the anonymized.csv file. 

The current biggest problems we face are finding ways to build all of the desired user functionality that Professor Medero outlined to us, as well as get the visual interface to yield to us such that we have an appealing and user-friendly program that can be presented to someone without a CS background without additional guidance. TKinter, luckily, has fairly extensive documentation, so I was able to trace most errors or find alternative methods of achieving my goals. The dnd file is a little trickier to wrap one's head around, however, and requires more careful thought. Tomorrow, Daniel and I may start with that problem and see if there are ways to consolodate different class functionalities to make a more logical hierarchy of objects, that can efficiently pass relevant information between them. I am also curious about the functionality of changing background colors in the conversation navigator - I want to confirm my understanding of its purpose with Professor Medero before proceeding. 
