---
layout: post
title: 2019-07-01
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-07-01 }}
================

<p class="meta">01 July 2019</p>

Since our program is in fairly good shape, I started the day by combing through the program to both clean it up and find any bugs or edge cases that require attention. I realized that some code I wrote had been overwritten when Daniel merged one of his branches to the repo, so I worked on reincorporating the work that I'd done without breaking the code. The solution isn't my ideal, but it works, so I'm content to leave it while I look into other more critical issues. Aside from that, we found out today that our group (NLTree, the communal name for both projects working under Professor Medero this summer) got the highest score for quality of presentation from Friday's open house. I'm proud of us for pulling that off, and I'll count that as a victory for today.

My process was to parse through the code and add header comments to every class definition or function missing one, as well as start cleaning up code. There's still plenty of clunky or repetitive pieces that could be tightened up, but I started with a simple first pass. After that, I started running our program over and over from the perspective of someone unfamiliar with the program, trying to figure out which pieces of functionality would break and under which circumstances. It was that way that I realized that the way that right-clicking labels was broken. It was both tied to an incorrect button command, as well as linked to the label in the conversation navigator. This implentation has a couple bugs that I've mostly fixed, though I wonder if it would make more sense to have the right-clicking operation occur up above to change one label into several, and then drag and drop them accordingly. This is much, much simpler to consider in theory, as the current architecture of the project places the act of clicking labels below the actual categorization of tokens. I've started laying the groundwork for going about this, but it's clear to me that this is a more complex task that may take a while to fully fix.

Looking forward, I think that I may prioritize fixing and pushing a fix for this bug so that we have this piece of functionality fully implemented. Overall, our program is technically functional. However, I want to make sure that even if there's broader todo's like adding support for more messaging platforms or even groupchats, we have a very tight, clean version of the program that fulfills all of the needs of the social science researchers we're working with.
