---
layout: post
title: Update 5/21/2019-5/23/2019
author: Daniel
---

Tkinter Tinkering
================

As this is the first post, I will include a recap of what I have explored in the last few days. The primary goal of this project is to develop a useable application that preserves anonymitity using NLP tools for texting data. The target audience is researchers in the humanities.

This projects differs for many of the other projects I am concurrently working on in several reasons.
1) The goal of this project is to develop a single-file executeable application. This is in stark contrast of the aim to publish papers in my MIR Lab and program a robot in Robosub.

2) The project is inter-disciplinary. As we can not assume out target audience is familiar with computer science, there is an emphasis on making a nice GUI that my other projects do not have.

3) The project is in Natural Language Processing. By the end of the summer, my aim is to have a better understanding of natural language processing--enough so I can implement my own models, and even do research in this field.

The first task I explored is the Spacy NLP library. Spacy is a statistical-based natural language processing library. It has various features, such as named entity recognition (determining the meaning of words), which we are mostly interested in.

I also explored Tkinter, which is the python implementation of the Tk GUI builder originally written for C. The functionality I focused on is the "drag and drop" functionality. I explored a previous implementation: https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/master/Lib/tkinter/dnd.py
Although this implementation generally works, when handling cross-window drag and drop, moving the mouse too slowly would break the program. By altering the main class of the drag and drop, I was able to fix this bug.

Next, I explored lxml.etree. The XML file format is the generalized HTML format. It has a lot of different uses--for example, musicXML which I have seen before in the MIR lab.

My plan for tomorrow is to, after receiving the latest version of the NLP GUI, try to finish as much of it as possible. I want to have a working implementation of manual NLP classification by mid-next week. My stretch goal for the summer is to use Spacy with our training data of texts to train the named entity recognizer to automatically be able to anonymize text messages. This seems like a very difficult task that statistics itself cannot handle, but I expect that it can be done with a deep learning network.
