---
layout: post
title: 2019-07-12
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-07-12 }}
================

<p class="meta">12 July 2019</p>

Since Daniel's out sick again today, I let myself focus more on the embroidery project. After a quick refresh through some notes from when I took my data structures class back at Swarthmore, I managed to pull together a fairly simple structure to maintain lists of coordinate points for the different letters in the alphabet. With what is basically a statically allocated linear dictionary implemented, I pulled together a simple function to draw out user input string messages and produce a formatted output that could be plugged into the embroidery machine. I'm really excited to try that out, and probably make myself a patch or two!

Since we're scheduled to give our CS chat next week, I went back to the slides that I made for the CS open house a couple weeks ago and expanded it out to acommodate a longer talk. I could probably fine tune them a bit more, but I am confident that I could pull off a talk with the slides I've built so far. We're set to give our talk Monday morning, so I'll have some time to practice, and then I'll just have to hope for the best.

Once that hurdle is behind me, there's still the ever present list of bugs that remain to be fixed. I'm also planning on testing out the embroidery machine when I can. I think I'll ultimately try to migrate the functionality I built directly into the turtle class methods, but for now I'm just curious about how the letters come out.
