---
layout: post
title: 2019-06-03
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-06-03 }}
================

<p class="meta">3 June 2019</p>

As predicted, Daniel and I spent this morning devoting ourselves to the two major tasks still remaining for us in constructing a functional GUI that could be developed or passed along to the researchers for whom this program is intended. I'm frustrated that I cannot get Tkinter to do what I want it to, especially since the documentation claims that I should have the ability. But I've spent enough time on it that I felt that I needed to move on, so I've started brainstorming ways to appropriately contextualize duplicate names in different contexts with Daniel. I've got some ideas, so I need to figure out practical ways to implement them for initial testing.

As with Friday, much of my problem solving today involved trial and error, aided by looking into the documentation for the various tools we're working with. I came up with a few alternative solutions for my visual problem and settled on one, though I myself am not entirely done with that issue. For the name recognition piece of the program, I mentioned some of my initial ideas to Daniel, and intend to follow through on them tomorrow.

Tomorrow I will likely spend some time returning to spaCy - both the tools I've familiarized myself with, but also the documentation on making and training models. Based off of the plans of action I've come up with so far, that seems to be a viable starting point. I don't know how difficult it will be or if it will yield the results that I'm looking for, but it may be our best shot at teaching the program the contexts on which any program separating identical words would be dependent.
