---
layout: post
title: 2019-05-28
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-05-28 }}
================

<p class="meta">28 May 2019</p>

We picked up our work today by working on the drag and drop capabilities of our GUI. As stated in the last post, we have the program turning all named entities that it labels into movable "labels" that could be conceivably transfered from one box to another. Through testing, I feel secure saying that that piece is in good working condition. The next step is altering our lists of elements based on which entity labels are currently in their boxes. I spent some time playing around with implementations of scrolling, and ultimately reverted almost entirely to an earlier version which I then proceeded to work with.

Unfortunately, there still remain some issues with the vertical scroll. At some stage in development the tool broke, so though the scrollbar itself is present, the items placed on its canvas don't move as it does. Both Daniel and I spent some time investigating this issue - in the process, a couple of bugs were caught, but not the bug preventing scrolling from working properly. That will be a priority tomorrow.

Along with the scrolling bug, I imagine that Daniel and I will continue to work with placing different boxes for categories. We must first manage label placement (and enabling scrolling such that they are not all jumbled up in a heap in one spot), but once that's done the act of maintaining lists of each label type should be a fairly straightforward task. And again, optimistically speaking, once the base functionality of our GUI is ironed out we'll have plenty to do with making the program more aesthetically pleasing and user friendly.
