---
layout: post
title: 2019-07-17
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-07-17 }}
================

<p class="meta">17 July 2019</p>

Today was a particularly successful day. I managed to work my way through every single major bug or todo that I'd identified in the bugList document. As far as I can tell, the program is fully implemented and ready to be packaged. It's extremely satisfying to have, after making the one major alteration with the counts dictionary, be able to adjust the functionality of LAST in order to knock out all of the various issues I identified when examining edge cases. For each of these bug fixes, after we restructured I had a couple ideas about how to fix them, so my workflow primarily consisted of working through a bug, checking it exhaustively, making a pull request, and talking over the changes I'd made with Daniel. There's room for more features, and maybe one or two small glitches that I haven't tracked down yet, but I'm very pleased to have pulled together the program with time to spare.

Additionally, we started our poster this afternoon in a shared document. It's difficult to strike a balance between something informative but also something that's visually interesting (and not too cluttered). I'm fairly okay with the current iteration, but there's still a couple days to check in with Professor Medero about it and make tweaks as we think of them.

Looking ahead, we still need to write up documentation for both future developers and future users of the program and place them in their appropriate locations on the README. There's also the looming question of packaging, which Professor Medero could get working on her machine but none of us could crack. All of these things will require some level of attention. I also want to try out more designs or methods with the embroidery machine, so that will be fun to play with.
