---
layout: post
title: 2019-06-05
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-06-05 }}
================

<p class="meta">5 June 2019</p>

This morning, I revisited the issue of syntactic dependencies that I'd been interested in yesterday. Rereading the documentation helped me realize that there was a simpler approach than what I'd been initially using, and I was able to fairly quickly readjust my methods to compile a simple list of dependencies whose indices correspond with those of the span entities present in entity_list. From there, I tried out a couple of the different theories surrounding syntactic dependencies that I came up with yesterday. The results were mixed, so I read up on the different categorizations of universal dependencies to try to get a handle on what everything means. In the end, though, I just ended up selecting for the types that the named entities corresponding to our participant and their partner already seemed to be appearing under. Obviously I shouldn't tailor the program to a specific data set, but it's a good start to what may turn out to be more exhaustive analysis.

The biggest troubles today came not from immediately problem solving, but mostly from an absense of synchronization. Both Daniel and I made substantial changes to the last.py file, so I had to deal with a couple merge conflicts. With a little bit of trial and error, as well as checking back to previous versions of the file, I was able to solve almost all of the bugs, though a critical error with our conversation navigator still remains. Communication would help, and I'll probably prioiritize this first tomorrow to get the program back up and running.

Once the last issue with our visual interface is fixed, I will feel comfortable saying that we tentatively have a functional version 0.1 of our program that could conceivably be brought to the researchers we're building this for. Our linguistic analyses are still deeply imperfect, but we have a good interface that fulfills the requirements with which we were presented in the first days. So the plan for tomorrow is to catch that last bug and then tinker with the syntactic analyis. I may brainstorm other potential features or fixes, depending on how I feel tomorrow. 
