---
layout: post
title: 2019-06-12
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-06-12 }}
================

<p class="meta">12 June 2019</p>

Today I returned to the issue of debugging pyinstaller to get our program to run. On Professor Medero's recommendation I backtracked a bit to try to understand the different requirements of including our two major libraries (tkinter and spacy). That helped a little bit in helping me realize that the entirety of the includes I have to add come from spacy. It didn't really change the composition of the statements but did help me when I searched online for help forums. I managed to finally find the correct formula to get past the bug that held me up yesterday, as well as the mechanism for taking those statements off of the command line and instead saving everything in a file. I'm (hopefully) extremely close to finally having everything in place to package up our program in the future. It still isn't quite running, but I'm optimistic that I'll get everything up and running by the end of the day tomorrow.

My process today was to once again scour the internet for any documentation, help forums, or advice that could potentially lead me to the fix for my surprisingly niche error. I ended up tracing through several files' outputted help documents, the documentation, and finally the github repo for spacy in order to fully understand how and where pyinstaller was pulling pieces of data in order to insert the appropriate phrases. It's a slow process because pyinstaller takes several minutes to recompile, but I did manage to progress past my bug and for that I'm glad.

Looking ahead, I have a few tasks: I want to finish writing the file that contains all of the necessary information for pyinstaller, fix what is hopefully the last bug (getting a clear path to where spacy's language library is stored), and incorporate the changes I've made to the repo. Luckily I haven't really had to edit any files, only write new ones, so I'd imagine that that step at least should be fairly straightforward.
