---
layout: post
title: 2019-06-21
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-06-21 }}
================

<p class="meta">21 June 2019</p>

Today, finally, was a bit of a breakthrough. I sent professor Medero the work I've done so far and she ran pyinstaller from her system. After some tweaks she managed to get it work. It seems as though anaconda may have been at least part of the problem. I'm still having some trouble, though - professor Medero identified a handful of files that she passed through as binaries/datas through the spec file, but when I attempt to compile the program in the same way I get an error saying that those files cannot be found. I'm trying to figure out if there's something wrong with how I listed the paths, and may ask professor Medero for more information about her system setup to try and find the source of the error.

I made progress today largely in part because I reached out and asked for help. Professor Medero was able to approach the problem with fresh eyes and a separate computer - both of those helped her approach the problem and find one potential solution. 

Looking ahead, I'd like to keep going just a little longer with this problem. Professor Medero has figured out how to get it to work, which could theoretically be enough to give us the tools available to package the final program and any subsequent updates. I'm still curious about why it's not functioning on my computer, however. Hopefully I can figure that out soon. I'd also be interested in testing professor Medero's export of the program on a different computer, ideally one missing one or more requisite libraries, to see if it is in fact standalone. If that were the case, then we'd finally have one method of transferring this program in an accessible way.
