---
layout: post
title: 2019-06-24
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-06-24 }}
================

<p class="meta">24 June 2019</p>

With professor Medero's help, we've had some success in packaging up the program into something that can be easily distributed to computers lacking the requisite libraries. She tried out both pyinstaller and py2app on her computer. The generated app from pyinstaller still has the same problems as always, and does not work on a computer lacking all of the required libraries. However, she managed to also produce an app with py2app which finally does interally maintain all of the necessary information and executables within its bundle. My laptop does not have spacy and the other libraries downloaded, but I was able to run our program without issue on it.

Today again I benefited largely from having two people working on this task; professor Medero was able to bring a different perspective to the problem and help solve it. Of course, because nothing is easy, the exact parameters she uses to build applications from her computer does not work on mine. I'm trying to adjust this so that it fits on my computer; ideally I'd like to have the ability to generate applications myself as well as figure out and document what different modules are required when, so that myself or future student researchers don't run into these same problems. In that I spent the afternoon reading through error messages, help threads, and documentation in search of the solution for the latest problem: ValueError: New Mach-O header is too large to relocate in '/Users/summer19/Desktop/Summer/Summer2019/LAST/dist/LAST.app/Contents/Resources/lib/python3.7/PIL/.dylibs/liblcms2.2.dylib' (new size=1688, max size=1680, delta=48).

I'm having trouble finding any solution for this issue. Several people mention "-headerpad_max_install_names linker flags" but no one explains what those are or how to use them; I will probably start tomorrow trying to figure that out. I believe that I understand what the error is saying, I just need to find a way to circumvent the problem. The error, thankfully, appears to happen towards the very end of packaging (and only really appears when I import the package 'PIL'). So if I can trace the problem to one of those two potential sources then hopefully I can settle this issue soon.
