---
layout: post
title: 2019-07-19
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-07-19 }}
================

<p class="meta">19 July 2019</p>

I dedicated myself today to the task of writing up detailed guides for both users and developers. That involved primarily writing out all of the work that we've done the last 9 weeks and explaining the architecture of our program. The hierarchy of classes can be confusing or even intimidating when starting out. That's what it was like for me, and that was before Daniel and I added a handful more classes, files, and data structures to pay attention to. I gave explanations of what each of the different classes do, where they are, and made a chart of how they interact. Hopefully that gives whoever takes on this project next, either to refine or expand it, a decent start.

My work today went at an easy pace. I started by explaining how to use the program the way that I did during the open house, then eventually I expanded that to include thorough instructions for use. I traced through the header comments we added to give myself an idea of what to say in the overview for developers, and fleshed it out as I went. It's not perfect, but I've got decent first drafts of both guides written up. I may add them to the repo and put them in as pull requests for Professor Medero and Daniel to review, but I think I may edit them first. I'm also not sure if I should transfer all of this content to the README or if having this document within the repo would be sufficient.

Things are finally wrapping up. Monday, we're going to a symposium and will spend the day presenting our poster. Between the open house and the CS chat, I've had a couple chances to explain the program, but I'm curious to see both how that goes and what other projects will be represented there. I have one last idea for a modification that could be made to our program's features - it's unclear if I will actually get it done before I go, but I made a general to do list in the developer guide so at bare minimum the idea will survive. Depending on what our schedule is, there's a chance I'll be able to pull it off. If not, I'll be leaving this project behind in a state that is hopefully clear and easy to pick up again.
