---
layout: post
title: 2019-07-23
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-07-23 }}
================

<p class="meta">23 July 2019</p>

Today I added the last feature I wanted to squeeze into the program before the end. I updated the role selector's functionality so that right clicking labels, instead of automatically splitting the labels into individual instances, prompts a popup window with three options: split, join, and delete. The split command performs the ususal split functionality. The join command is new, and reverses the affects of splitting tokens by re-clustering them under a single category and index. The delete command replaces the old garbage box I built several weeks ago, and lets users quickly and easily delete labels. This makes the interface just a little bit cleaner, as well as adds a new piece of functionality (join) that I'd relegated to the category of indefinite todo. So, I'm glad that I managed to pull this off as one last fix before I go.

I actually did some preliminary research yesterday morning before we left for the symposium, so I started today by returning to the documentation on popups in tkinter that I'd found. From there, I worked on tweaking the code snippets I found to figure out how to incorporate those methods into the program. Split was the easiest to add, since the method and its call didn't really change. After that I worked on the delete functionality, which required both deleting all of the old garbageframe functionality, as well as building another method to handle reseting the categorization of labels. Finally, join was a method that I ended up rewriting from scratch using split as a reference, and ironed out all of the bugs fairly quickly. 

Looking ahead, my tasks are considerably easier for tomorrow. I've uploaded the guides that I wrote to our blog, but I still need to work on reformatting it and fixing up the index page to show these new guides. I also need to figure out how to download my texts as csv so that Daniel and I can build dummy files that future developers can use when developing this program. At this point the priority is to just tie up loose ends so that whoever touches the program next has a good, concrete jumping off point.
