---
layout: post
title: 2019-07-09
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-07-09 }}
================

<p class="meta">09 July 2019</p>

Today I spent most of my time focusing on the various bugs I've discovered through testing our code in various ways. I managed to make some fixes to some of the more minor ones, like attempting to change pages on an empty document. I tried out various solutions for the larger issues I've encountered, but as of yet I haven't found a concrete fix for any. In an attempt to help solve this, I've written down thorough explanations of the bugs I've found and how to encounter them. Doing this allowed me to process the bugs and make sure that I know approximately what's causing them. This unfortunately didn't prompt any breakthroughs, but I've pushed it to the repo so that if Daniel decides to help on this task there is already a clear cut list of todos for us to work through.

My process was pretty similar to that of previous weeks. I traced through the section of code that I believed to be the source of one of the errors and tried out various solutions, most of which I've either deleted or commented out due to ineffectiveness. I also continued my practice of print statements to check that I'm certain I understand what's happening at various points in an effort to figure out what needs to be changed.

Looking forward, I'll probably just have to keep pushing at these bugs. Maybe I or Daniel will have some sort of breakthrough, and in solving one get a head start on sorting out some of the others. That's rather optimistic, and I imagine I'll just take the days as they come.
