---
layout: post
title: Update 6/5-6/10
author: Daniel
---

Unique Icons
==========
The goal of this update is to detail work on implementing unique icons, so that multiple name appearances would be handled. This is done in a two-step process:

(1) Make all icons unique

(2) Default to no icons unique, allow user to choose which icons will be unique


STEP 1: Make All Icons Unique:
The main difficulty with this step is that fact that all our updates and interfacing in drag and drop is not done by Icon id, but rather icon name. Given that making icons unique entails being able to link icons to the words within the conversation navigator, I implemented this with assigning each entity a distinct index. The name fo the entity is updated in this format

(index)EntityName

Then, while the entities are being loaded in, I simply created a counter that is increased by one every time a new entity is made.


STEP 2: Default to no unique, add choice of uniqueness

To default to no icons being unique, I made counter a dictionary instead of a simple integer. The dictionary has keys consisting of entities names, and maps to a list where the first element corresponds to the count of entities of the same name, and the remaining elements correspond to the unique indices being used. 

The first unique index being used is appended to the list when the names are being loaded in, and this index is known as the default index.

Counter also holds the key "numElements" which holds a single-value list telling what the net unique icon number is

Whenever a user right clicks a entity in the conversation navigator, the value in "numElements" is taken, and the icon name is updated with this new index.
