---
layout: post
title: 2019-07-26
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-07-26 }}
================

<p class="meta">26 July 2019</p>

With the end of the day today, I've completed my ten weeks at Harvey Mudd. In that time, I helped build a functioning interface that reads in participant data, parses and precategorizes tokens, and provides the participant the ability to manually update the anonymization to their standards. I built several tools, handled several major bugs as they arose, and presented my work to the public in the form of both a short paper and a poster. When our program is packaged, I am confident that it will be able to perform the tasks we've envisioned, and hopefully generate meaningful data for use across disciplines.

I also had the opportunity to work with testing out Professor Medero's embroidery project, and through that was able to make something tangible and fun. I made several copies of a Swarthmore themed patch (perhaps in defiance of Mudd) to give to my Professors and lab partner back home. I also made test code and new methods that future users will be able to use in building their own designs.

This was not an easy summer. The work itself was daunting at the start, but I worked at it at a steady pace and was able to do everything that I was assigned. I had the most difficulty working with a partner who refused to communicate or collaborate, which both forced me to resort to spending tedious days debugging indecipherable code as well as learning new techniques through my own research. In the end, I made it through, with several tangible pieces both of code as well as embroidery as proof of all of the work that I have done.
