---
layout: post
title: 2019-07-16
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-07-16 }}
================

<p class="meta">16 July 2019</p>

Today, after a discussion with Professor Medero and Daniel, I took on the task of restructuring the counts dictionary which is passed around between various classes and used to maintain a handful of pieces of functionality in the program. In its previous incarnation, it held onto the number of instances of a token and all associated indices. I changed it to instead map words to instances of all identical tokens, which would in turn retain that and many other pieces of relevant information. After I implemented that I had to spend some time handling a small bug that appeared as a result, which resulted in duplicate labels appearing where they should not have. Once I got that all handled I pushed and helped Daniel merge in the comments he is writing.

Through Professor Medero, today progressed through structured discussions of what needed to be done and by who, with certain check ins required when we reached specific points of development to ensure that we were both on the same page. Aside from that, my work was coming up with a top down implementation and then carefully combing through the code to make sure that any changes resulting from that would not break the code. It was a fairly productive day, and Daniel and I will hopefully get through the next remaining major bug with synced tokens in the next day or so.

Looking ahead, there's still a couple points left on the todo list (bugList.txt) to get through before I'll say that we're done. But even juggling that and cleanup, I think that it's feasible for us to leave the code in decent shape. Aside from that, I want to keep working at the embroidery project; I added two digits while I was waiting for Daniel to finish merging comments, so now the message method is able to write binary as well.
