---
layout: post
title: 2019-07-08
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-07-08 }}
================

<p class="meta">08 July 2019</p>

After coming back from the long weeked, I started off by looking through some of the materials Professor Medero supplied me for her embroidery project. I read through several files to make sure I understood the functionality, and then tried to make and run her different demos. The files compile without issue, however, when I attempt to run any of them I get an error message that I believe to be related to relative paths. I'd like to check in with Professor Medero to see if she has any ideas about where to go, as I don't have much experience with this particular issue and had trouble parsing any related resources.

Aside from that, I returned to where I'd left off with LAST. I understand what is causing the bug, but the way that Daniel and I each implemented various pieces of the program makes it a very tricky problem to solve. As I was attempting different solutions, as usual I also cleaned up bits of code as I read through them to make the overall program a little bit cleaner and easier to understand. Between reading over code and testing edge cases, I still have a laundry list of different bugs to fix, though the end feels very much in sight for a least shipping out a first version of the program.

One major change I made today, which I'd like to confer with Professor Medero and Daniel about, is the way that we build our changeLog output file. The idea behind this feature is to see if the average number of changes (in proportion to the size of the document) goes up or down over time as our model improves. I agree with the creation of such an evaluation metric. However, the way that it was implemented was in the format [token] [old type] -> [new type]. As in, when the user finished with their changes, there'd be a list of all of the different entities (both correctly and incorrectly identified) with the final category they were placed in. I worry that this sort of output file would functionally deanonymize the data. As of right now, I've altered the method of writing the changelog to only list the index with which a token is assigned. This is also imperfect, but it is a method that I feel more comfortable with, and feel would be able to convey the same sort of statistical information that we ultimately want out of it. I want to check with Professor Medero for her input though, to make sure that this is still a workable solution. If this isn't enough I can easily revert it, but I think that this way is more in line with our ultimate goal of thorough anonymization *and* data collection.

Looking ahead, I'll keep pushing through with the various goals I have laid out, both for LAST as well as the embroidery project. It appears as though the repo has changed slightly, and our master branch is now protected. I want to check in with Professor Medero about how this will impact our workflow so that I can adjust accordingly for these last few weeks.
