---
layout: post
title: 2019-05-23
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-05-23 }}
================

<p class="meta">23 May 2019</p>

I started today by reviewing some of the materials recommended to me in Professor Medero's first email outlining starting points for our project. Over the past two days I've built a handful of toy programs to get myself comfortable primarily with the tkinter GUI as well as the spaCy library. I have one program that integrates both of those together as a small visual linguistics tool, and performed a handful of tests to explore how spaCy's tools recognize and operate on textual input. From there, I went on to examine possible ways to incorporate drag and drop capabilities to a tkinter program. I found one potential implementation [here](https://github.com/akheron/cpython/blob/master/Lib/tkinter/dnd.py), which I shared with Daniel. This is the strongest implementation I could find, so I dedicated some time to reading through the provided documentation as well as trace through the code to see if I could understand it.

This implementation is far from perfect - despite comments suggesting otherwise, large blocks of code marked as for "testing" and "demonstration" purposes have functionality critical to getting this implementation to work. I tried to alter the code to make it more universally applicable across widgets, but as of now have not made significant enough changes to make a simple, clean, and adaptable implementation. The implementation of drag and drop located in the file "real_dnd.py" bares significant resemblance to the implementation I found online, so my initial hope was that any changes I made to the implementation of dnd I found online I could mirror in the real_dnd file.

I am still open to that idea, but looking forward to tomorrow I think I will start the day by instead tracing through the provided filed in the LAST directory to see if I can better understand the script which we will actually be working on this summer. In its current state, the program is broken and missing key functionality. If Daniel and I can figure out ways to modify and fix the script, perhaps we will have a better program on which to stage unit tests and build working drag and drop capabilities in the program. Looking even further beyond that, once we have a working interface, we will be able to modify the analytical side of the program to generate interesting, qualitative data. Though, that is perhaps more than can be accomplished in a single day.
