---
layout: post
title: 2019-06-28
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-06-28 }}
================

<p class="meta">28 June 2019</p>

This morning was the CS open house, so I spent this morning preparing for the presentation. I made slides yesterday which I cleaned up this morning and ran through in my head a couple time to make sure that everything flowed and all major points were hit. In my opinion, the open house was a success. We got a lot of foot traffic through our work area and after the first couple of presentations I felt like I hit a stride and was able to clearly and effectively explain the principles behind our project. It was a little tiring however, as Daniel left after the third run and I had to carry it for the remaining hour. Still, it was a satisfying experience to introduce our project to people unfamiliar with the concept.

The morning I prepared by figuring out how I wanted to present information between the slides and the demo. I set everything up and then figured out a sensible order for explaining the program. After the open house I was a little burnt out, so I tried to focus on the py2app bugs but couldn't really get far.

For next week, I have a list of small todos that still need to be focused on. Some of these I came up with independently, some through our meetings with Professor Medero, and some from interesting questions that were posed today during the open house. Obviously, some of those may not be feasible in the remaining time, and certain tasks may take priority over others, but that still gives me some guidance on what I can do next. I will also have to keep returning to the problem of packaging until I finally solve the problem.
