---
layout: post
title: 2019-07-02
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-07-02 }}
================

<p class="meta">02 July 2019</p>

I spent today focusing on the bug in right clicking that I identified yesterday afternoon. It didn't take terribly long to get the program to call the appropriate method from right clicking labels. However, the way I did it may appear strange to someone unfamiliar with the code so I did my best to thoroughly comment the pieces that I touched. After that, I started working through catching bugs in the actual edge code implementation and taking steps to fix them. I've caught some, but there's still a couple specific edge cases that I know remain. I've left a todo list in the header comment of the right clicking method as a reminder to my self and will probably start with that tomorrow.

As we creep closer and closer to having a finished product that we can release to the researchers, my methods are generally to run the program and try using different features in different contexts, checking to see that everything responds as I expect it to. If something breaks, I do my best to document the exact context under which it broke, and will trace my way through the code representing that feature until I find the cause of the issue. This is easier said than done, and there are times where I will put gratiuitous print statements in so that I can check to see that certain functions are being called when I expect them to be or to check and see what different variables hold. I'm also commenting as I go to provide myself and anyone else who may read over this code with what will hopefully make future traces of the code significantly easier to do.

Looking ahead, I've got three bugs that I noticed in either the clustering/splitting of labels or with the pagination of our conversation navigator. I'll start with the first two, as they are far more significant to the actual applications of our program. If I manage to solve both of those then I will move on to fixing the issue that arises from changing pages without loading documents. For each of these, I will probably continue to use the same strategy of slow traces and comments to ensure that not only I but any future developers understand exactly what our program is doing at any given time.
