---
layout: post
title: 2019-06-18
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-06-18 }}
================

<p class="meta">18 June 2019</p>

We started today with a productive meeting with Charlie, one of the researchers working on the texting analysis project. We demoed the program for him and explained its basic features and functionality. After we left him see the program in action we talked about the project's current methods and concerns surrounding data collection and anonymization. He gave us a good perspective of what the process of putting the program into use would look like and a good list of features to develop. That gave us a good sense of where to go next, and a set of things to look into as we further develop and improve the program.

Even though we managed to successfully demo the program today, I haven't quite given up on the trouble with pyinstaller packaging. By the end of these ten weeks it is critical that the program exist as a standalone product that could be transferred to any conceivable mac (as our current packaging is localized to that os) without necesitating the downloads of several other libraries. So I continued onward with troubleshooting. I finally managed to get a different bug than usual, though whether that's a sign of progress or an error remains to be seen. I've broadened my search in an effort to understand this error, and reading through others' troubleshooting threads has helped.

Tomorrow I will likely continue on with this issue, but may try to give myself a break by switching tracks to one of the smaller todos. I'll consult Daniel on what he's focusing on and see if there's anything that I can do to improve the program in between trying to find ways to safely export it.
