---
layout: post
title: 2019-07-10
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-07-10 }}
================

<p class="meta">10 July 2019</p>

I started off today by continuing to look through the different bugs that I've been working on to see if I could find any particular solution. When Professor Medero came in we discussed the new practice of using pull requests, since as we're at a stage of near exclusively pushing either clean up or bug fixes we want to have a somewhat clearer method of updating the code. I talked through the changes I've made so far this week, including both the updated changelog and the running documentation on bugs, and after the others had a chance to approve it Professor Medero approved the change and the github was updated. 

Since I've spent a couple days without really getting anywhere on the code, I let myself then switch gears over to Professor Medero's embroidery project. I read through the files she provided to get a handle on the mechanisms of the program and then started building additional methods or snippets of patterns that she could use as either examples or excercises. I'm keeping track of where and how I'm using each of these different pieces so that when I present the work I've done on this to her, it will be clear exactly what I changed or what sorts of additions I'm proposing. This is definitely a more low key project in comparison to LAST, and a fun goal I can push myself towards.

Tomorrow, I'll probably try to split my time between the two projects. Hopefully now that I've put all of the information I've gathered about the bugs into a shared repo Daniel will take a look, and then between the two of us maybe some fixes can be made. I also plan on building both more methods for the turtle as well as some demo patch designs.
