---
layout: post
title: 2019-06-04
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-06-04 }}
================

<p class="meta">4 June 2019</p>

I spent today focusing on the question of duplicate names, and how to aid our program in distinguishing them. Daniel took on the job of figuring out how to represent them in our role selector, and I spent time focusing on potential hardcoded rules that could be placed to allow our program to make some initial guesses as to the roles of different named entities in conversation. I am not a linguistics person, but spaCy has the capacity to track the semantic dependencies of words in sentences. As our issue with names is dependent on contextualization, that seemed like the perfect tool to implement the rules I've come up with.

I had trouble today with accessing the correct information I need to enact my plans for categorization. The program is structured in a way that does not make the objects I need impossible to access, though I have to be intentional about where and how I access different pieces. To help me with this issue, I've been reading up on spaCy's documentation, specifically the parts about dependencies and the different object types spaCy maintains. My biggest issue is honestly just transferring information between different types, which is irritating but probably not impossible.

For tomorrow, much of my work is cut out for me. I will return to the spaCy documentation to help myself access the different data types. Hopefully that won't take too much time to integrate into our existing architecture. From there, I should be able to fairly quickly integrate my linguistic rules into the same function where all named entities are initially placed into one of four categories and their corresponding boxes. If I can get that done, then I will have given us a baseline of precategorization for our different types of entities.
