---
layout: post
title: 2019-05-23
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-05-24 }}
================

<p class="meta">24 May 2019</p>

I spent the morning tracing through the various files provided in our repository to get myself up to speed on all of the work Professor Medero has done thusfar. I found it useful to trace through the hierarchy of classes to examine how information is being stored in the program and how the different classes interface with one another. After touching base with Professor Medero, Daniel and I split up into two distinct tasks: he set about integrating the drag and drop functionality that I mentioned in yesterday's post, and I modified the vertical scroll functionality. Our goal was to continue to modify the GUI such that we have a functioning application.

We successfully completed those tasks. I personally had to work incrementally - once I found the test code in the scrolling source file I had a pretty good idea of what tools I needed and how to use them. I did not run into significant problems today. I mostly just had to continue to tweak my approach to the GUI until I came up with something which can conceivably work with any widget placed in the frame. Once we got a hold of some sample data to test with, we were able to verify that our code worked after I caught a couple of bugs.

Looking ahead, there are a few tasks remaining with the GUI. There's major issue remaining with our implementation of drag and drop capabilities. We figured out how to make it possible to drag and reposition widgets in the canvas, but in order to achieve the desired functionality we still need to figure out how to make the different boxes register when items are placed in/removed from them, as well as the contents of those items. That way, we can accurately generate and alter categories using this interface. We'll likely start with that, and, once that's done, be able to move onto simpler, more cosmetic tasks (labels, buffer space, general ease of use).
