---
layout: post
title: 2019-06-17
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-06-17 }}
================

<p class="meta">17 June 2019</p>

We welcomed a sixth member to our space, who joined the Green Crew team. To accomodate for the additional person, Daniel and I moved down one computer each. So, part of the morning was spent reconfiguring various libraries and files, particularly the pyinstaller project which I've been focusing on for the past several days. After some trial and error I managed to reconfigure everything (as certain dependencies were local to whichever machine I'm using) and regenerate executables. I've ultimately settled on just using the .exe file for the purposes of demonstration. Though I'm fairly positive that this executable is still dependent on certain softwares or libraries being installed to run correctly, it will hopefully still look less daunting to someone with no computer science experience than a command line entry would. I'm not giving up on the .app bundle, but I'm making sure to end the day with a completely functional executable for our meeting tomorrow morning. 

My process today was primarily revisting help pages and the usual documentation as I resituated myself on a machine missing some of the elements pyinstaller requires. Interestingly enough, I got different errors when I reconfigured everything to this machine, but it did not take outrageously long to get a correctly generated .exe executable with our program. From there I returned to the specific troubleshooting errors that I've been tackling with packaging the program into a .app executable. It was helpful, I think, to start with the comparitive "clean slate" of systems files that I had not modified in an attempt to patch the error. I also documented every change I tried in my notes, so that I could try out different configurations of edits without permanently changing something by mistake. 

Tomorrow, of course, is our meeting with at least one of the researchers working on the texting analysis project. I imagine that we will demo the program for them to show them the current layout and functionality, and get feedback about which features they'd like added or changed. That should give us a fairly concrete to-do list of items we can look into. I will also probably keep looking into pyinstaller to see if someone, somewhere, has a fix for the current bug I have with .app packaging.
