---
layout: post
title: 2019-06-06
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-06-06 }}
================

<p class="meta">6 June 2019</p>

I started the day by settling the various issues brought on by yesterday's merge conflicts. This was a slow process, as I tried first using git's commands to settle the differences before I gave in entirely, manually fixed everything based off of an older version of the last.py file in the repo, and recloned the fixed version back onto my computer. This, unfortunately, lost me all of the progress I'd made yesterday with syntactical dependencies, though I was eventually able to reinstate that code. It's by no means a perfect analysis, but it does provide some sort of initial groundwork for some sort of automated presorting. Additionally, the visual interface is basically done, minus a few key fixes. I'd say it's at a stage where we'd be able to meet with the social science researchers and get their opinions about extra features or a new direction.

The difficulty today today came from merge conflicts and some confusion about different classes. But actually discussing things together with Daniel and referencing the various pieces of documentation helped settle our bugs.

Looking forward, I still see plenty of work to be done with this program. There are a few pieces which "work" but are still definitely flawed, or features which I'd like to see implemented to improve the program interface. Each of those which I came up with today has been marked in the program with either a NOTE or TODO comment, so hopefully that makes our work for tomorrow, at least at the start, fairly straightforward. There's also more that could be done with our preliminary analyses which could be interesting to explore.
