---
layout: post
title: 2019-06-13
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-06-13 }}
================

<p class="meta">13 June 2019</p>

I managed, at long last, to fully debug the process of turning our script into a single executable file and get all of the necessary libraries and files smoothly incorporated. However, the format that it produced was still heavily dependent on having a terminal to run it as it was not turned into the self-sufficient app that I hope to ultimately produce. So, I continued on reading through the various pieces of documentation on how to get this into something that may be fully independent and passed from one computer to another for anyone to run. I've made some progress with this, so I would count that as a success.

As has been the case throughout this process, my method of solving this particular problem is to scour the internet for tips or suggestions when troubleshooting the various errors that arise when using pyinstaller, a software with which I am still not fully familiar. Often times people on the threads I find don't quite have identical errors to mine, but if I can find a similar enough issue then I can often follow approximately the same steps that they use to trace the source of my problems. So, with a bit of patience I am able to get through my troubles.

I managed to get the single executable application to work once (kinda) before it broke again, this time in a much weirder way than the issues I found before. I'm really, really hoping that this is the last hurdle to getting my script running. It would be really nice to leave for the weekend knowing that everything is in place to demo a version of our program for the researchers without needing to use the terminal. So, that will be my goal for tomorrow.
