---
layout: post
title: 2019-06-26
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-06-26 }}
================

<p class="meta">26 June 2019</p>

Today I worked on two major tasks: editing the paper to produce our next draft, and implementing some of the additional cosmetic changes I wanted for our program. Once professor Medero completed all of her comments on the document, I went through the document and addressed them point by point. Luckily most of them were fairly minor edits asking for restructured passages or additional explanation of our program, so it wasn't too difficult a task. The hard part was really just cutting everything down to squeeze under the page limit. But after a couple read throughs the document was shorted to exactly two pages (plus references) and we sent an email to professor Medero asking for the next round of edits. Aside from that, I moved the "garbage box" of the role selector and gave it a descriptive label, moved the "previous" and "next" buttons to a more logical location, and built a simple label to indicate page number. When moving these different pieces of the interface around, I had alter a section of Daniel's page changing code, so I thoroughly commented as I went to make sure that I 1. understood what the different pieces do and 2. made it easy for others reading the code to understand how it all works.

My process was fairly straightforward today. At this point I'm familiar enough with tkinter that I didn't need to consult the documentation too much to figure out how to do the things that I wanted. I just traced through the code and modified the pieces where I thought my features could be implemented, commenting as I went. And on the paper side, professor Medero's input meant that my work was fairly cut out for me, so it was mostly just patience on either end.

For tomorrow, professor Medero gave me some input with the endless problems brought on when attempting to package the program into an app. The fix she proposed didn't work immediately, but I think that I may start the day by revisiting her suggestions to see if there's something I either overlooked or something remaining for me to try.
