---
layout: post
title: 2019-05-30
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-05-30 }}
================

<p class="meta">30 May 2019</p>

The first thing Daniel and I did this morning was manually merge together the various changes we'd made on both the frontend and the backend of our program yesterday. With our new edits, the code was cleaned up considerably, and the visual interface showed signficant improvement. On Professor Medero's recommendation I cut down the number of boxes from 5 to 4, gave each a background corresponding with the visual representation of entity types, added descriptive labels, and fiddled slightly with placement and proportions of all of the various items in the window. I have a list of features that I still intend to edit to give the program full functionality and will hopefully chip away at it more tomorrow.

Given that we are still very much in the GUI phase of this project, the bulk of my errors today just came from trial and error with the various moving parts that are required to build a functioning, aesthetically pleasing interface. To solve them I read up more on the documentation of the various widgets and incrementally tried implementing various fixes (switching orientation, order of creation, or adding additional frames) until I managed to get tkinter to produce the design I had in my head. 

Looking ahead, I still see more progress needing to be made. Personally I have a few more cosmetic adjustments that I intend to add over the course of work, but the greatest challenge to focus on tomorrow will be getting the visual conversationNavigator to successfully interface with the role selector up top. Daniel and I have mostly built the requisite tools to get the program to recognize when items are physically moved between categories, but we still need to build a way for the two tools to update one another on any changes that are made. So, that will likely be our first priority.
