---
layout: post
title: 2019-07-15
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-07-15 }}
================

<p class="meta">15 July 2019</p>

I spent the morning going over the slides for our presentation at the CS chat. The work I did Friday afternoon meant that we didn't have to scramble to prepare, though I still made some tweaks before we went up. I think that the presentation went alright - it was a different format than that of my open house spiel, but it still worked out okay. After that, I brought up the bug fix I came up with Thursday to Daniel, since he was finally back. Rather than approve it right away, he caught an edge case that I hadn't known about and pushed a modification which we then merged. There's still three major bugs that we know about, and perhaps others that remain undiscovered, but getting the program in decent shape by the end does not feel impossible.

Aside from the bug fix, I also tested out a patch that I'd designed using the alphabet tool that I built for Professor Medero's embroidery project. I was surprised to see how small it came out, which is good reference for future scaling. I was also just excited to see the design come out the way that it was intended. It opens up a lot of potential for more complex designs or designs involving words that would otherwise be a pain to plot out by hand, and for that I am very proud.

There is still work to do in both the main project as well as the embroidery project. I want to examine Daniel's fix for the bug to make sure that it is fully commented and that I can understand it - we discussed today how difficult it is to fix up code that it not marked up and I hope that we can have more legible code working forward. After that I may ask his help for one of the other major bugs. It feels connected, so perhaps if he applies himself to that problem then we may be able to come up with a solution faster. On the embroidery side, I want to expand the alphabet of available characters to also include numbers, and perhaps also be drawn in arcs. Numbers will likely be tedious but low effort, and getting text to print in arcs may take a bit more work but ultimately be a good feature for more visually complex patches or designs.
