---
layout: post
title: 2019-06-11
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-06-11 }}
================

<p class="meta">11 June 2019</p>

I spent today working on using pyinstaller to package our final program up into a single executable that may be easily accessed by our researchers without use of the terminal. Due to the fact that python is compiled at runtime, this primarily consisted of repeatedly running the command, and based off of the individually generated error messages, appending new terms to the command. This continued for a while while I continued to read up on various methods online - in searching for the fix to one error message I managed to get about ten new terms at once, which otherwise I would've needed to discover over the course of ten separate runs. 

Much of my day was based off of problem solving through repetition; I would try out a new approach/task/mechanism, and then tweak it slightly in response to the outputs. I spent the time between runs looking through troubleshooting approaches to see if I could possibly cut down time or find a simpler solution. Sometimes that would work wonderfully, and other times I would just hit a dead end.

I hit a bit of a roadblock this afternoon when I encountered a new error. It was one that none of my documentation told me how to approach, and none of my old methods made much of a difference. I googled the error message, but unfortunately, the only person who had publicly posted about having an identical problem closed their own query without receiving a response or updating it with their solution. Depending on how far Daniel has gotten, and what Professor Medero would like from us, I may try to switch tasks to give myself a break, or look for alternative methods of debugging pyinstaller. Either way, I imagine I'll have something to do tomorrow.
