---
layout: post
title: 2019-06-10
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-06-10 }}
================

<p class="meta">10 June 2019</p>

Today was less exciting than Friday, but I still managed to finally find a fix for the last remaining issue with the visual interface we're building: dynamic sizing. It occurred to me fairly early on that the data that would be fed into this program would be of variable size, and that we'd need some way of manipulating the interface after initialization in order to accomodate differently sized files. I had some trouble inserting this method into the program due to tkinter being generally frustrating to dissect, but returned to it today. After playing around for a while I finally figured out that I'd been neglecting to configure one of the components of the vertical scroll frame. Once I found the source of my issue, I had the extremely satisfying experience of cutting away all of the commented out half-fixes that Daniel and I'd written, along with the paragraph I left in the comments explaining the different approaches I'd tried. This feature still has room for modification, but the interface is overall ready to be shown in a sort of preliminary demonstration for the social scientists we're working with.

I'd already read through all of the relevant documentation I could find for the aforementioned issue, so I ultimately ended up solving it just through a combination of trial and error (facilitated by print statements and color changes) and carefully tracing the composition of the verticalScrolledFrame class. It took some patience, but once I found the source of my issue I didn't have much trouble implementing a fix. 

For tomorrow, I plan on returning to the issue of packaging the program into a single executable file. I read up on the documentation and feel as though pyinstaller, which Professor initially proposed, is in fact the best choice. One unfortunate thing that I discovered while troubleshooting is the issue of including various libraries or "hooks" in in order to give the program all of the requisite tools it needs to run. So far I haven't found any quick solution, as the missing inclusions are specific to each program. I may end up just gradually adding in more includes to the command line as error messages come up (which is what I started on this afternoon) while I continue to look into more sweeping potential fixes in the documentation.
