---
layout: post
title: Update 5/27/2019-6/4/2019
author: Daniel
---

Drag and Drop
=============
This is a complete update on the implementation of Drag and Drop. Our template file that we used for Drag and Drop was dnd.py implemented here: https://github.com/python/cpython/blob/master/Lib/tkinter/dnd.py. 

My goal was to take this class, and incorporate it so that icons would be moveable between 4 canvases. However, as I eventually realized, this is not a simple copy and paste task. Below is a list of obstacles that I overcame in order to implement Drag and Drop:

(1) Adapt Classes within dnd.py
The problem with dnd.py is that all the icons are attatched to a canvas which is initialized when we call an instance of the Tester Class. However, we want to icons to be able to functions in the context of the VerticalScrolledFrame, which consists of a Frame object with a canvas within it. 

The other main problem is that we want to be able to tell which icons are located on which canvas, because the whole point of the canvases is to classify the icons.

My solution is thus as follows.

I created a master class called CanvasControl. This class holds the canvases for all the different classifications. On top of this, there is an accessible list for each canvas that holds the icons on the canvas. With this organization, changes between canvases are easier to keep track of since they can be seen as an update to a singular class instance of CanvasControl.

(2) Snapping Icons into Place
Now that basic icon functionality is in place, we cannot let the icons wander around, and need them to snap neatly within each canvas. Rather than just dropping the icon on the x,y, cursor position like the implementation in dnd.py, I added a canvas detection, so dropping the icon within a canvas, rather than actually attaching the icon, updates the corresponding list within CanvasControl. On top of this, there is a continuously running function on CanvasControl that checks for changes within the lists, then outputs the icons onto the canvas in order of appearance in the corresponding list. This functionality is powerful, because this means to make any change to icon position, all we need to do is edit the list.

(3) Interfacing with the conversation navigator
Since we have functionality within the converstion navigator allowing the user to change the label of certain words, we need updates within one to be reflecte in the other. 

The first challenge was to update the icons when there is a change in the conversation navigator. This is done by giving the conversation navigagtor access to the CanvasControl class. This means whenever we update a type, we update the corresponding list in canvas control, with from the functionality in (2), updates the canvas itself.

The other direction was a lot more difficult to implement because the CanvasControl class should not have access to the Conversation Navigator. In order to fix this, I created another function within the Tkinter main loop within the Conversation Navigator which checks for changes to the lists in CanvasControl. Once it perceieves a change, the conversation navigator will simply change the type of the label.
 
 
 
The next step after Drag and Drop is to handle multiple name occurences. 
