---
layout: post
title: 2019-06-25
author: Adriana
---

{{ 2019-06-25 }}
================

<p class="meta">25 June 2019</p>

Today Daniel and I focused on writing our submission for the SoCal NLP Symposium. The submission guidelines call for a two page paper describing ongoing, planned, or completed research projects. As it was considerably shorter than a proper research paper, as well as considerably lower stress, we managed to produce a pretty good first draft today. We did use a previously rejected paper relating to this project as a guide, which assisted not only in figuring out which key topics to focus on but also provided us with references to use. All in all, I'm fairly pleased with the results. We've sent the draft over to Professor Medero for review so that we can make any edits we need. The submission deadline isn't until midnight July 1st, so there's still time to alter it as necessary. However, having gotten the bulk of that task out of the way reduces much of the stress and allows us to focus on tweaking the program in preparation for Friday's open house.

We managed to finish this task so quickly and effectively by separating the document into the three sections we wanted to include (introduction, methods, and conclusion) and then split up the work writing the first two. By the time we got to the conclusion we had moved around different paragraphs and ideas and only really had to restructure our paper slightly to get the content we needed. We were able to use a paper that Professor Medero provided us as reference, and each read over and edited the paper a couple of times until we were satisfied with what was written.

Tomorrow, I may focus on making tweaks to last.py. As is, the program is in decent shape to be demoed Friday at our open house. However, there's still a few days between now and then and still room to improve or tweak some key features.
